In 1964, Mujahideen, a Pakistani extremist, does not approve of the brotherly relationship of Kasmiri Muslims and Hindus. He plans on severing the bond and separating them. He strongly believes that the Indian Army is the reason for the unity. He resorts to brainwashing teenagers in Pakistan and sends them to Kashmir. He advices them to live in disguise to make his plans work.

In 1985, Afreen is a fierce Pakistani-based rabble-rouser in London, who dislikes anything about India. She sets fire to the car of an Indian philanthropist, Anand Mehta, in retaliation for burning Pakistan's flag. The management board of her university asks her to apologize to him. As Afreen does not like to say sorry to Indians, the philanthropist gives her two choices: either to give him 1 Million (10 Lakhs INR) as compensation or go to prison. Being a stubborn and unapologetic patriot, she decides to compensate him and goes back to Pakistan to meet her grandfather, Pakistan Army Brigadier Tariq, for giving her the money to compensate him. However, upon her arrival in Pakistan, she finds out that her grandfather passed away. In his will, he asks her to deliver a letter, which he could not, written in 1965, by Indian Army Lieutenant Ram to his lover, Sita Mahalakshmi of India. Upon successfully doing so, she will inherit his wealth. Though relucant at first, Afreen agrees to deliver the letter to her, so that she can inherit Tariq's wealth.

She goes to Hyderabad in search of Sita. She is accompanied by Balaji, her senior at the university in London. She reaches the address, only to find that to be a ladies college. She asks Subramaniyam, who has been working there for more than twenty years, about Sita. He tells Afreen that the college was the royal palace of the Nawab of Hyderabad once which was donated by Princess Noor Jahan for the education of girls. He also adds that nobody with the name of Sita was there, twenty years ago. Clueless, Afreen is unable to find Sita without any details. Upon getting an idea, she goes in search of Ram, instead, and gets to the know the address of Lieutenant Vikas Varma, who was in Ram's regiment, in Kashmir. Afreen upon meeting him, asks him about Ram. She later meets Ram's friend Durjoy Sharma and Ram's superior Vishnu Sharma and learns Ram's story.

In 1964, Mujahideen, who sent the teenagers to Kashmir, gives them the whereabouts of the Indian Army. Major Selvan, after coming to know about them, orders the army to catch and kill the Pakistani teenagers, as they can compromise the safety of the Indians, in Kashmir. However, their plan backfires as Kashmiri Muslims, in the area, who thought of the youngsters as their own, attacked every soldier responsible for killing the youngsters. Knowing that this would happen, Mujahideen steps over into Kashmir and brainwashes the Kashmiri Muslims.

The enraged Muslims set fire on the houses of Kashmiri Pandits in Agarta. Ram, aware that they are under the influence of Mujahideen, tries to stop them. Ram captures the informer and reveals the truth to the Kashmiri Muslims. After coming to know of the truth, they apologize for trying to incite a religious riot and help the Indian Army in putting out the fires. This becomes national news and everybody comes to know about this. Additionally, Ram and his fellow regiment mates become national heroes.

An Indian reporter, Vijayalakshmi, comes to interview them, through which she comes to know that Ram is an orphan. The next day, on the radio, she tells everybody about Ram and asks everyone in India to send their love to him. As a result, Ram receives a lot of letters from people across India, acknowledging him as their own brother and son. He is overjoyed to know that he now has a big family and starts writing letters to reply to all of them. One of them is a letter, written by Sita Mahalakshmi, addressing him as her husband. He is surprised and regularly receives letters from her with no address.

One day, Vikas and he take the same train as Sita, based on the minute details provided by her in the letters. He searches the entire train and is able to find her. He repeats a riddle, written in her letter, so that she can recognize him. He gives her his friend's landline number and leaves the train. Upon his arrival at his friend, Durjoy Sharma's house, he gets to know that the phone has been dead for a week. Sita comes in search of Ram, at Durjoy's house. They meet and Ram takes a picture of her, discreetly.

She leaves yet again without giving him an address. Ram then goes to a magic show in search of Sita and meets her friend, who reveals that Sita has been writing many letters to him but posted only few of them. He gets to know that Sita is a dance teacher, living in Princess Noor Jahan's palace in Hyderabad, to teach her Kathak. He enters the palace with the help of Subramaniyam and meets Sita. He learns that he saved her from riots, in Agarta, and that it was her first encounter with him. However, he was not able to see her face back then.

It is later revealed that, Sita is none other than Princess Noor Jahan. Her marriage alliance is fixed with the Prince of Oman, in order to save her family's factories and businesses that were captured in Oman. She goes to bid her final goodbye to Ram, but ends up accompanying him the next four days, where they meet his family (the ones that wrote him the letters). Sita and Ram are spied by a journalist, who clicks their pictures together. Later, Ram drops off Sita at the palace and leaves to Kashmir. The pictures get published in the newspaper, revealing the Princess's love for a common man. Sita reveals to her brother that the news is true and cancels her alliance. She leaves to Kashmir for Ram. They spend some time together and Noor meets Ram's fellow mates, as Sita. They go to dinner and meet Vishnu Sharma and his family. However, they are attacked by the youngster seeking revenge for the earlier encounters. They capture him and obtain the precise location of Mujahideen. Ram promises the youngster that he will rescue his younger sister, Vaheeda, from Mujahideen.

The army plans a secret mission, in order to gun down Mujahideen, and also warns the soldiers that if they get caught, they will be disowned by the army and declared as traitors. Ram, Vishnu Sharma, and his team leave for the operation, by crossing the Indian border, and successfully execute Mujahideen. However, Brigadier Tariq gets alarmed by the fires that started as a result of the cross-firing, and starts for their location. Ram and his team are about to leave, when Ram hears a cry of a girl and realizes that it is of Vaheeda's. He goes in to save her.

However, Ram, along with Vishnu Sharma, are captured by the Pakistan Army, while the other soldiers escape successfully. Ram hands over Vaheeda to Brigadier Tariq. They are tortured mercilessly to reveal the coordinates to the Indian Army base, in Kashmir, but the Army General takes pity on Ram and Vishnu, and provides them with care. The Pakistani soldiers, one day, while using brute force on them, are able to get Vishnu to reveal the coordinates of the Indian army base to them, in exchange for his freedom and not harming his family. Vishnu gets released, but they hang Ram, in order to demoralize the Indian army. The Indian army bases in Kashmir are destroyed, as a result, and Ram is branded as a traitor. Before his execution, Ram writes a letter to Sita and asks the Army General to deliver it to her.

In 1985, Afreen learns that the Army General was in fact her grandfather, Tariq. Additionally, the child, whose life was saved by Ram during the fire, is Afreen herself. A changed Afreen, with a heavy heart, delivers the letter to Sita, through Balaji, where they learn about Ram's innocence and also finds the newspaper clipping attached to it, about Princess Noor Jahan of Hyderabad being in love with a commoner. Both Afreen and Balaji realize that Ram knew of Sita's true identity as a Muslim and did not care. Alas, with Ram's letter and Afreen, as evidence and witness, an enquiry is ordered on Vishnu Sharma and his regiment. However, out of disgrace, he shoots himself with his service revolver. Sita manages to prove Ram's innocence and restore his name and honour in the Indian Army.